Carol I was thinking maybe we can spice
things up a little
what do you mean tell our sex life it's
just not why don't we get some shoes huh
hey won't you show Dad how you could put
your shoes on in your room seriously our
sex life I was thinking maybe we can try
some some new things you know for fun
like what hi each other up some people
eat stuff off another yeah you know we
could try dirty talk we're really gonna
do this huh looks like it you know if
this is too weird for you you can still
back out Oh
thank you so much for coming I wouldn't
miss it for the world
[Music]
I'm Ross by the way Ross I love what
you've done with this space
thank you so much how hot is this hey
Joe did did you ever have a threesome
look Ross I think Carol's great and I'm
sure you're a very attractive man but
the reason I'm asking is that I sort of
had one last night you okay just okay
did you do it right look it's just too
difficult a party and think what anyone
really missed me if I were in here
but still Ross your worst day with two
women pretty much better than any other
day it's just my part seems to be over
pretty quickly and then and then there
was a lot of waiting around but you got
to be with both of them they just Carol
not there long no she kept kicking me
away hey least you got to see a lot of
stuff oh I saw a lot of stuff a little
made a snack yeah that's a sandwich
Turkey little mustard sounds good it
really was look I don't know what's
going on with you and your husband and
what is hopefully an adult dog-walker
but can I just say not all men are like
that hey there are some men who will do
whatever it takes to make their marriage
work okay there was some men who will
stand by and watch as a wives engage in
what can only be described as a twosome
with some some woman she barely knows
from the gym what were these men men a
guy I know well you might want to tell
him it sounds like his wife
she's gay oh my god
she is so gay